hi today I'm five a playdate I'm here
with my friend Candice who is so happy
here and we are making me at need spring
wolf it's great to have you here right
now all right this is what you'll need
rice paper cucumber em noodles mint or
if you want you can use basil you'll
need shredded carrots shrimp and warm
water and if you want you can on the
shred your vegetables by yourself using
a mandoline or a tea screen coming on
the bum that's pretty easy
if you'd asked amanda lynn will do adult
please tonight oh my god ok ok now comes
the fun pie it's time to relax baby boy
so put them in the water first oops ok
and for how many seconds on each side
about five seconds on each side ok the
water warm yeah
till I get soft is it soft knock that's
good then here shrimp great have you
made these before yes okay do you put
all the same ingredients every time you
make them oh well it stopped expanding
move avocado Julia to thank you good
super fat
more for i do i'm actually going to put
a little bit of Awesome line if you like
mm-hmm i love it it's delicious mmm
gluten free yeah excellent to get this
healthy recipe and more visit our blog
Friday playdate com bye